laughs and cry
his job his family girl services I hope
you're offended by the best vehicle to
meet your needs and wants
today we're going to talk about the 2010
new economy or the most magnificent
vehicles in the beautiful and sparkly da
world today so join me as we talk about
you okay so take a look at these yet
self version of the Buick Enclave
there's also standard CX model
before we get under the hood of this
vehicle there's gonna be the attention
to detail the traction
I want to point out a phone accent among
bumper and public on the mute waterfall
grill and the signature portals of you
conspirator generation to generation
awful lot going on the two
okay show you some of those technical
specifications publish about the ten new
economy okay so let's take a look under
the hood the performance of the Pamela
the Russell
servelet says Family Guy what makes this
vehicle caught up uncle rusty let me
tell you there's a few things in this
vehicle that you're not going to find an
Alexis you're not going to find in an
acura first of those things is going to
be the amazing 3.6 liter of variable
valve timing direct inject engine that
delivers an amazing 288 horsepower and
274 pounds of torque
it's also got a standard 6-speed
automatic transmission with available
all-wheel drive and standard front wheel
drive also has the magnificent tow
capacity on the vehicle which we'll talk
about a little bit later in the segment
so come on join me as we go around and
talk about a couple other features on
this vehicle that make it cut above the
rest
really
1920s available - also in Milton tire
pressure monitoring system for everyone
based on the vehicle and the beautiful
intelligent observer indicators
available and are also
beautiful
all of the skies you move out there lot
of people love this feature is why we're
playing to the interior to the vehicle
okay couple things to point out the fear
here want to show you the smart slide
system makes it easy for your children
to get in on the people and add it over
your third world passenger for extra
space for your thermal afternoon folks
check this one cluster simple access to
the rear rear children point out are the
google chrome tips on the vehicle the
Park Assist available on the different
models of view mount plate let's take a
look here at the amazing cargo capacity
on the vehicle you'll notice a power
liftgate very very simple
over a 100 feet of cargo space with an
additional storage plant underneath
let's take a little profit aside let me
point out those people is still voted
with many features that are love to talk
about full console tomorrow a few
sprinkles of genius for the chance of
two beautiful shrimp analog and mahogany
steering wheel also want to mention the
standard Bose audio system in the Buick
Enclave as well as the iPod mp3
connectivity also with shown here the
available touchscreen navigation dual
climate zones heated and cooled seats
and the various power outlets throughout
the vehicle also want to mention GM's
exclusive OnStar system which I'll teach
you a little bit more about when you
come on in take this bad boy for a test
drive
so remember folks Tecumseh in 2010
Enclave joined me here at Grossinger for
the greatest price greatest selection
and remember ask for Family Guy giggity
giggity giggity oh yeah